Do I want it or not?
Thank you Tiger Cloud,
We are a family, and you are the harmless family.
When you kicked me out of heavy armor,
Why don't you say anything about family?
You live up to Wang Shaohong,
Want to kill me.
Why don't you say anything, family,
You let Lanlan live a life of no profit,
Why don't you say anything about family?
I am too busy with some of them to feel good and dare not
We still cooperate as a family
now i as a family
Give me a chance
I'll give you the opportunity to work with Mr. Wang as a State Council
You take good care of my money
You are the one on the fourth floor who doesn’t want to
If you don’t want to see me leaving the fourth floor
Just let us go and go back
I'm so stupid that I'll shut you up on the fourth floor
Are you still too ordinary?
I blame you for not being the host
These two big-bellied and powerful people
Those who enter the endless hell will be exposed to the air for hundreds of years